So thoughts on this, discussion around
culture, how it's impacting your work.
Do you see why I kept saying
just give me a minute?
[LAUGH]
>> It's very enlightening.
And the more I thought about those
quadrants, the more I realized how when I
first started I think we were in the lower
right trying to get things done quickly.
But also at the same time wanting all of
the teams, or all of the subscribers to
have a sense of ownership which is
the collaborate, that's why it failed.
And now kind of again facing a little
bit of frustrations and, as you said,
swimming upstream where we're trying
to expand into other verticals.
So we're trying to get things done fast,
but a lot of our product owners want
things to be done right, so
again, conflicting quadrants.
Yeah, certain light bulbs over here
were popping off minute by minute.
>> Yeah, any other thoughts on this?
You got one online there?
>> So if we understand, so if we
identify cultural mismatches, we don't
necessarily need to quit our jobs, but
perhaps instead change our approach.
>> Yes, that is one way.
That's a great question,
that's one way to consider it.
I mean I'm not a career coach, but
if you're in an organization that,
I don't want you to change who you are,
I want you to be yourself.
So ideally, you would find an organization
where your personal values
align with the underlying assumptions that
that organization has and sort of shares.
And if you can do that, that's a place
where you can probably stay for
a long time.
If you can't find that,
then it's possible for you to kinda
change your approach a little and maybe
operate on the edge of what you really,
truly want personally
to find more alignment.
But I think if I was talking
with someone as an individual,
I might actually encourage them
to look around a little bit.
I actually really believe that it's
hard to work in a place where you
don't have that alignment, so
I would probably encourage that.
But if it's a design system scenario,
that's where I think there
is a lot of flexibility.
And kinda the whole point with the
spectrum is to show that all the processes
we have around design systems, they're
way more nuanced than we think they are.
This is a simplified version of
what you're actually dealing with.
You have not just one organizational
culture you're interacting with, you have
the subculture of every single subscriber
group that you're also interacting with,
this is not simple.
So that means what you might need to
do is there are some tools you can use,
I can share some of that stuff,
to do some of those assessments so
you can understand how each of these parts
of your organization want to interact.
And if you do that, that gives you
the ability to say you know what,
when we're working with this part of the
organization we know they need us to be
a little bit more hierarchical,
they want us to just lay it out for them.
And so if we take contribution as an
example, you might have a couple different
ways that parts of your organization
can contribute, not just a single way.
You might say for those folks who really
want that step by step process laid out,
you can follow this.
If you wanna be a little bit more
collaborative about it, that's great,
here's another model you can follow,
reach out we'll set up some time to talk.
So I think what I'm trying to encourage
is us to get away from a black and
white approach to this, to recognize
there's a lot more nuance to it.
And that we have to do the work to
understand each other in order to put
processes in place that will actually
help us mature in a healthy way.